README.md, before:

## [4lamports](https://4lamports.vercel.app/)

<img src="public/mylamports.jpg">

**[4lamports](https://4lamports.vercel.app/)** is a tool for managing and optimizing your Solana wallet. It operates on the principle that each Token and NFT in your wallet occupies rentable space.

Token balances and NFTs are stored on the Solana blockchain in accounts. Keeping this data on-chain takes up space, so Solana charges a rent fee of **~0.002 SOL** on accounts. This space can be reclaimed when the token balance reaches zero or when the NFT is transferred to a different wallet.

### How it works

It is simple! Connect your Phantom or Solflare wallet, select the unused token accounts by marking the associated checkbox, and reclaim your SOL. If you want to know more, visit [the post I published on BULB](https://www.bulbapp.io/p/508c77d4-dad1-4d3f-882d-de51f8579aa3/4lamports-find-hidden-sol-in-your-wallet) which explains everything in details.

### Dev support

Every time you use **4lamports**, it collects a tiny **0.0001 SOL** fee. That's a small price for the big chunk of SOL you'll get back. Plus, you're helping us make the app even better!

Commit message:

feat: added blowfish verification and updated readme

README.md, after:

## [4lamports](https://4lamports.vercel.app/)

**[4lamports](https://4lamports.vercel.app/)** is a tool for managing and optimizing your Solana wallet. It operates on the principle that each Token and NFT in your wallet occupies rentable space.

Token balances and NFTs are stored on the Solana blockchain in accounts. Keeping this data on-chain takes up space, so Solana charges a rent fee of **~0.002 SOL** on accounts. This space can be reclaimed when the token balance reaches zero or when the NFT is transferred to a different wallet.

### How it works

It is simple! Connect your Phantom or Solflare wallet, select the unused token accounts by marking the associated checkbox, and reclaim your SOL. If you want to know more, visit [the post I published on BULB](https://www.bulbapp.io/p/508c77d4-dad1-4d3f-882d-de51f8579aa3/4lamports-find-hidden-sol-in-your-wallet) which explains everything in details.

### Safety

With many scam services out there, we've taken extra steps to secure your trust by obtaining verification from Blowfish.

### Dev support

Every time you use **4lamports**, it collects a tiny **0.0001 SOL** fee. That's a small price for the big chunk of SOL you'll get back. Plus, you're helping us make the app even better!
